
Test Cases:

1. Verify whether JavaScript and CSS file are linked properly with the HTML file.

2. The fields Number of persons,Bill and Tip percentage should only accept Numerical values.

3. If the Bill field is empty then a message please fill out this field should be displayed.

4. Verify the Bill field should only accept a numeric type value, it should not accept any alphabets and special characters

5. Verify Tip percentage field should only accept a numeric type value, it should not accept any alphabets and special characters

6. Number of persons field should always have default value as 1.

7. Verify ,value at Tip Percentage field must be less than or equal to 100 if value exceeds 100 then an error message saying "value must be less than or equal to 100" should be displayed.

8. Verify ,value at Bill field must be greater or equal to 1 if value is less than 1 then an error message saying "value must be greater than or equal to 1" should be displayed.

9. Verify ,value at Number of persons field must be greater than or equal to 1 if value is less than 1 then an error message saying "value must be greater than or equal to 1" should be displayed.

10. Fields Total Bill, Total Tip and Total per person should be disabled.

11. If the value after calculation is large float value the it should round-off to the nearest integer value.

12. Verify the functionality of Calculate button.

13. On entering float values in Bill field ,it should give an error message displaying "enter valid value" with 2 roundoff values of the entered value.

14. On entering float values in Tip percentage field ,it should give an error message displaying "enter valid value" with 2 roundoff values of the entered value.

15. Fields Total bill, Total tip and total per person should have placeholders as 0 in case if there is no bill.

16. Verify that the total bill sholud be calculated even if the Tip percentage field is empty.

17. Verify no changes should be performed on the result fields.

18. Verify after hitting refresh old values should be deleted.

19. Verify the functionality of Up and Down logs in the input section of Bill Calculator.

20. Verify the output displayed are as expecetd or not.


